
ANDREW TSUJIMOTOWEBSITEandrewtsujimoto.comMOBILE(909) 816-1283

EMAILandrewtsuji@gmail.com
I am a creative-minded problem solver with an inherent drive to find efficient solutions.  I bring laughter and delight, along with empathy and encouragement to my work environment.  I have an inquisitive personality with a tendency to dive deep and explore a subject to its fullest.EXPERIENCEKaryote, INC
Full Stack Web DeveloperSeattle, WAAug 2017 - Present
Working on building an education video game that will help students
better understand graphing functions.  The primary tools used to
build the front end were React and Redux, with players being
connected in a game via Socket.IO.  The database is an SQL database
built with Sequelize.Wing Dome
ManagerSeattle, WAAug 2015 – Nov 2016
Promoted from waiter to supervisor in the first 4 months.  Responsible for helping both front-of-house and back-of-house to get through service.  Whether that meant assisting waiters with orders, the bartender with drinks, or the kitchen with prep work.  Speakeasy Ales & Lagers
Sales RepresentativeSan Francisco, CAApril 2013 – June 2015
Part of small sales team assigned to service our home market of San Francisco.  Managed 200+ accounts, including some of our top overall buyers.  In my 2 years, I helped to grow our brewery’s overall sales by 40% and sales to our San Francisco distributor by 10%.  I was able to accomplish this with excellent customer service and meticulous organization/planning.EDUCATION General AssemblySeattle, WA
Full-time Web Development Immersive student.  The course was 3 months, 60+ hrs/week, and focused on building full stack web applications both individually and in a team environment.  Troubleshooting your own problems and analytical thought were some of the school’s core values.UC Santa CruzSanta Cruz, CA
2 yrsMajored in Computer EngineeringSKILLSCustomer ServiceProblem SolvingCollaborativeTime ManagementMultitasking

TOOLSHTML/CSSSQL/PostgreSQLBootstrap/MaterializeSequelizeJavaScriptMongoDB/MongooseNode.js/ExpressJS
Socket.IO
AngularJS
ReactJS/React-Redux